okay gentlemen we're making scrambled
eggs today it's very simple as you can
see what I got here two eggs and a
tablespoon of butter that is it very
nice very simple very fluffy very yummy
now while our pan is preheating we're
going to crack to it all right so we put
our two eggs into the bowl here so what
we're going to do now is while we're
just waiting for our little pen to
preheat we're going to go ahead and wait
for that to get to the point where when
we put the butter on it bubbles a little
bit then we're going to scramble the
eggs we're not going to scramble them
and let them sit we're going to actually
wait for the pan to be warm enough and
then we'll go ahead and and scramble the
eggs there it only takes about a minute
or two anyway so you're not you know
that pan is pretty much ready to go in
about 3700 pan is preheated and how do
we know if it's ready
simple we put our butter in you'll start
to see the bubbles forming on the butter
there see how it's starting to form go
ahead and let that butter get melted
through see that butters or bubbles are
coming up through and then while we're
doing that we're just going to go ahead
and whip these eggs the key to whipping
the eggs and the reason as to why we're
doing it is because we're trying to get
bubbles see those bubbles those bubbles
are we're going to make it fluffy the
more bubbles the fluffier da you don't
need anything else to add to make it a
fluffy egg and that butter is almost
ready there so yeah fluff the butter
around the pan see that beautiful butter
key to it is a lot of butter as well
that gives it a nice wonderful flavor so
now we're going to put our eggs in and
we put our eggs in it's going to whip
them
a little bit more before I put them in
like this and then look at that look at
those bubbles
absolutely beautiful now the key here is
as we cook them we're just going to kind
of move along a little bit like that one
to the side one to another side little
by little and as we move them little by
little you see the egg starts to form
the scrambled egg starts to form there
all right so here we are 20 seconds
later here see how everything is coming
together the butter is getting nice and
soaked up into the egg which is going to
be absolutely beautiful and lovely you
can even go like this if you'd like
let's some in the middle it doesn't
matter you don't even need to flip it
the key to it is just going like this
back and forth that's it really look it
look how beautiful look at the color of
that egg it's gorgeous
okay so we're back and look at the egg
now it's almost finished you see that
I'm going to give it about another
probably eight seconds because it's
going to cook once I take it off four
three two one
look at that the computer phone yellow
that is done and here is the final
product here what you got here is your
lovely scrambled egg and if you like put
a little salt on top and little crush
pepper
voila there you go simple is it
composite going to be you're going to
taste absolutely delicious
you